feat(guide): Collection of Custom Formats - HDR Formats - Improve description (#1760)
TRaSH-Guides/Guides: includes/cf-descriptions/hdr-undefined.md

> Some release groups don't add HDR to their 4K release name
> 
> For now it's only FraMeSToR/HQMUX that doesn't add HDR to their release name but in the feature we can add more to it if needed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Some release groups don't add HDR to their 4K release naming scheme.

Currently, only FraMeSToR and HQMUX do not include the 'HDR' tag. In the future, we can add more when it's needed.
```
